Documentation improvments (#3746)
operator-framework/community-operators: docs/packaging-operator.md

operator-sdk bundle validate /tmp/my-operator-2.0.0-bundle/ --select-optional name=operatorhub
```

> #### Dockerfile generated from annotations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### About the Dockerfile
```

> Our pipeline is generating `Dockerfile` that is used to build bundle image. Exiting `Dockerfile` or `bundle.Dockerfile` is ignored. Generated `Dockerfile` will take label information from `annotations.yaml` file. For example 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `Dockerfile` is typically part of the bundle metadata used to build the bundle image. For security reasons, our release process is generating an internal `Dockerfile` that is used to build and publish the bundle image. Existing `Dockerfile` or `bundle.Dockerfile` will be ignored.  You can leverage the `annotations.yaml` file to control an custom labels the resulting image should have. For example 
```

  # Annotations for testing.
  operators.operatorframework.io.test.mediatype.v1: scorecard+v1
  operators.operatorframework.io.test.config.v1: tests/scorecard/

```
will generate `Dockerfile`

```
FROM scratch

# from metadata/annotations.yaml
LABEL operators.operatorframework.io.bundle.mediatype.v1="registry+v1"
LABEL operators.operatorframework.io.bundle.manifests.v1="manifests/"
LABEL operators.operatorframework.io.bundle.metadata.v1="metadata/"
LABEL operators.operatorframework.io.bundle.package.v1="global-load-balancer-operator"
LABEL operators.operatorframework.io.bundle.channels.v1="alpha"
LABEL operators.operatorframework.io.bundle.channel.default.v1="alpha"
LABEL operators.operatorframework.io.metrics.mediatype.v1="metrics+v1"
LABEL operators.operatorframework.io.metrics.builder="operator-sdk-v1.4.0+git"
LABEL operators.operatorframework.io.metrics.project_layout="go.kubebuilder.io/v3"
LABEL operators.operatorframework.io.test.mediatype.v1="scorecard+v1"
LABEL operators.operatorframework.io.test.config.v1="tests/scorecard/"

COPY ./manifests manifests/
COPY ./metadata metadata/
COPY ./tests/scorecard/ tests/scorecard/
```
!!! note

>     We check if directory `tests/scorecard/` specified in `operators.operatorframework.io.test.config.v1` exists. If not, we fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you specify the `operators.operatorframework.io.test.config.v1` to embed [scorecard](https://sdk.operatorframework.io/docs/advanced-topics/scorecard/scorecard/) tests in your bundle, make sure the supplied directory path (e.g. `tests/scorecard/` relative from the bundle root directory) actually exists, otherwise the validation will fail
```
